Editorial review: Document the polygon() basic shape round keyword (#45011)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/reference/values/basic-shape/index.md

Reviewer: 501c3

### Syntax for polygons

> The {{cssxref("basic-shape/polygon","polygon()")}} function defines a polygon using an optional first parameter containing values that modify the polygon's behavior, plus one or more parameters containing coordinate pairs. Each parameter is separated by a comma.

Reviewer 2: How about 

f```suggestion
The {{cssxref("basic-shape/polygon","polygon()")}} function defines a polygon using a set of comma-separated coordinate pairs, optionally preceded by an SVG {{SVGAttr("fill-rule")}}, a corner-rounding parameter, or both. 
```

```plain
polygon( <'fill-rule'>? [ round <length> ]? , [ <length-percentage> <length-percentage> ]# )
```

The optional first parameter can contain one or both of the following, separated by a space:

> - An SVG {{SVGAttr("fill-rule")}} value that specifies the algorithm used to fill the polygon shape.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- An SVG {{SVGAttr("fill-rule")}} value, either `nonzero` or `evenodd`, specifying the algorithm used to fill the polygon shape.
```

> - The keyword [`round`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Reference/Values/basic-shape/polygon#round) followed by a {{cssxref("length")}} value, with the two separated by a space. This specifies that the polygon should have rounded corners, with the `<length>` specifying the corner radius.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The keyword [`round`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Reference/Values/basic-shape/polygon#round) followed by a {{cssxref("length")}} value, separated by a space. This specifies that the polygon should have rounded corners, with the `<length>` specifying the corner radius.
```

> Each coordinate pair consists of two space-separated `<length-percentage>` values. These values represent the x and y axis coordinates of a polygon vertex.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each coordinate pair consists of two space-separated `<length-percentage>` values. These values represent the x- and y-axis coordinates of a polygon vertex.
```
